
# Exp 02

## Testing

### Prompt_00

```
This is a prompt template that will be used recursively, you wil not have any memory of the previous calls in the recursion, other then 




This prompt template purpose is to break down a task to smaller sub-tasks, until they can be done by an LLM powered program with 8000-word context window limit.

Given this limitation, it's necessary to split the Main Task into two categories of 2 sub-tasks.

1. pre-tasks: These are tasks that need to be completed before the primary task can be undertaken, such as research.

2. main-tasks: These are smaller parts of the main task, designed to fit within the LLM's 8000-word context window limit.
For both categories, the tasks should be listed in the order they need to be completed.


Your response should be provided in JSON format, following the JSON schema below:

{
    "pre-tasks": list(string)
    "main-tasks": list(string)
}

examples:

{
  "pre-tasks": ["do this", "do that"],
  "main-tasks": ["do this", "do that"]
}
{
  "pre-tasks": [],
  "main-tasks": ["do this", "do that"]
}
{
  "pre-tasks": [],
  "main-tasks": []
}

Your response must strictly be a raw JSON object.

DATE: the current date of today
DISCLAIMER: an extra knowledge about you and about the world
RECURSION_DEPTH: your indication for the recursion depth level you are currently in
MASTER_TASK: the original task that you were given, the one that was where RECURSION_DEPTH==0 is true
TASK: the current sub-task at hand

---

DATE: Thu Jun  8 11:11:22 IDT 2023
DISCLAIMER: Your knowledge was cut off in September 2021. You are a Eurovision expert.
RECURSION_DEPTH: 3
MASTER_TASK: Write an article about the Eurovision Contest that occurred in May 2023.
TASK: Identify the host country and city for the Eurovision Contest in May 2023
